feat(ui): show proxy logs when proxy crashes (#1216)
radicle-dev/radicle-upstream: QA.md

- [ ] All documented shortcuts (a list is provided by pressing `?`) work
- [ ] Only one modal is allowed at a time (no modal stacking possible)

### Proxy Error

> - [ ] Kill the proxy process while the app is running.
> - [ ] The app should show the blue screen with the proxy logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Killing the proxy process while the app is running shows a blue error
      screen with the proxy logs.
```
